README.md, before:

# Luma Locale Region Auto Setter
Ever had problems with DLC not working? or even the odd game has a black screen or SD error?\
Chances are you are trying to play a game not from the same region as your console!\
\
With this Homebrew it can create the required files needed to solve these issues, at least for the supported games (listed below).

## JPN
000400000012DE00 = Fire Emblem IF\
0004000000102F00 = Taiko no Tatsujin: Don to Katsu no Jikuu Daibouken\
0004000000190E00 = Taiko no Tatsujin: Don Don! Mystery Adventure\
0004000000115400 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
000400000014E000 = Aikatsu! 365 Nichi no Idol Days\
0004000000169D00 = Aikatsu! My No.1 Stage!\
0004000000197200 = Aikatsu Stars! My Special Appeal\
000400000014AD00 = Dai Gyakuten Saiban: Naruhodou Ryuunosuke no Bouken\
00040000000B8B00 = Dairantou Smash Brothers for Nintendo 3DS\
00040000000C3A00 = Devil Survivor 2: Break Record\
0004000000163C00 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
0004000000065C00 = Labyrinth no Kanata\
0004000000196D00 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
00040000000CF600 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000120500 = Shin Sekaiju no Meikyuu 2: Fafnir no Kishi\
00040000000A5300 = Mario Golf World Tour\
00040000000F5800 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
00040000000C3600 = Persona Q\
00040000000BAA00 = Gyakuten Saiban 5\
0004000000095000 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
00040000000C3900 = PazuDora Z - Puzzle & Dragons Z\
00040000000FB100 = Senran Kagura 2: Shinku\
0004000000166B00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV Final\
0004000000078200 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
000400000010E200 = Final Fantasy Explorers\
0004000000112800 = Magi: Aratanaru Sekai\
00040000000C0100 = Magi: Hajimari no Meikyuu\
0004000000169F00 = Medarot Girls Mission: Kabuto Ver.\
000400000016A000 = Medarot Girls Mission: Kuwagata Ver.\
0004000000134500 = Shingeki no Kyojin: Jinrui Saigo no Tsubasa CHAIN\
00040000000FA600 = Soni Pro\
0004000000078A00 = Super Robot Taisen UX\
0004000000127900 = Super Robot Taisen BX\
0004000000134300 = Lost Heroes 2\
0004000000190A00 = Megami Meguri\
000400000018EA00 = One Piece: Daikaizoku Colosseum\
0004000000182F00 = PazuDora X: Kami no Shou\
0004000000182E00 = PazuDora X: Ryuu no Shou\
0004000000197500 = Puyo Puyo Chronicles\
000400000018D000 = Sekaiju no Meikyuu V: Nagaki Shinwa no Hate\
000400000012F500 = Tales of the World: Reve Unitia\
0004000000140000 = Theatrhythm Dragon Quest\
0004000000101200 = Puyo Puyo Tetris\
0004000000102D00 = Highschool DxD\
000400000016AD00 = Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 3\
00040000001ACB00 = Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 3 - Professional\
000400000018E900 = Boku no Hero Academia: Battle for All\
000400000018CA00 = Detective Pikachu - Birth Of A New Duo\
0004000000117200 = SmileBASIC\
00040000000A4D00 = Sengoku Musou Chronicle 2nd\
0004000000118300 = Sekaiju To Fushigi no Dungeon\
0004000000073900 = Project X Zone\
0004008C0015D500 = Corpse Party: Blood Covered - Repeated Fear\
00040000001A2B00 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
000400000012EF00 = Kirby Fighters Z\
000400000018B300 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001B5700 = Blaster Master Zero\
0004000000199200 = Dragon Quest XI Sugisarishi Toki o Motomete\
000400000F70C100 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001B2400 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey\
00040000001A0C00 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
000400000016C700 = Yo-kai Watch Busters: Akanekodan\
000400000016C600 = Yo-kai Watch Busters: Shiroinutai\
000400000018B000 = Youkai Sangokushi\
00040000001AF400 = Yo-kai Watch 3: Sukiyaki\
0004000000191000 = Yo-Kai Watch 3: Sushi\
0004000000191100 = Yo-Kai Watch 3: Tempura\
00040000001C9C00 = Yokai Watch Busters 2 Magnum\
00040000001C9400 = Yokai Watch Busters 2 Sword

## USA
000400000018A400 = Rhythm Heaven Megamix\
000400000018F100 = Dragon Quest VIII\
000400000018F800 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
0004000000159500 = Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 2 Record Breaker\
000400000016CD00 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
00040000001AA900 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
00040000000CD300 = AeternoBlade\
0004000000095800 = Art Academy: Lessons for Everyone!\
0004000000128600 = BIKE RIDER DX2: GALAXY\
000400000017BA00 = Bravely Second: End Layer\
0004000000112C00 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000034F00 = Dead or Alive: Dimensions\
00040000000EA900 = Disney Magical World\
000400000015F200 = Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight\
000400000015B200 = Etrian Mystery Dungeon\
0004000000113200 = Fantasy Life\
00040000000A0500 = Fire Emblem: Awakening\
0004000000179800 = Fire Emblem Fates: Special Edition\
0004000000179400 = Fire Emblem Fates: Birthright\
0004000000179600 = Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest\
000400000010F600 = Harvest Moon - The Lost Valley\
000400000017EA00 = Hyrule Warriors Legends\
000400000015D800 = IRONFALL Invasion\
00040000000DCD00 = Mario Golf World Tour\
000400000014CD00 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT\
000400000012E700 = Moon Chronicles\
000400000007AE00 = New Super Mario Bros 2\
0004000000123D00 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
0004000000123400 = Persona Q\
00040000000F1400 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies\
000400000018F400 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Spirit of Justice\
00040000000BA800 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
0004000000160C00 = Project X Zone 2\
0004000000137700 = Puzzle & Dragons Z + Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition\
0004000000106400 = Rusty's Real Deal Baseball\
000400000016F200 = SAMURAI WARRIORS: Chronicles 3\
0004000000165000 = SENRAN KAGURA 2: Deep Crimson\
00040000000E5C00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV\
000400000019A200 = Shin Megami Tensei IV: Apocalypse\
00040000000B3500 = Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed\
000400000008CD00 = Sparkle Snapshots 3D\
000400000012D900 = Steamworld Heist\
00040000000d7D00 = Steel Diver: Sub Wars\
0004000000163100 = Stretchmo\
00040000000EDF00 = Super Smash Bros\
0004000000095100 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
00040000000FD500 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call\
0004000000196E00 = Gotta Protectors\
000400000019F500 = Story of Seasons : Trio of Town\
000400000016DE00 = SmileBASIC\
00040000000F1700 = Pure Chess\
00040000001A3500 = Harvest Moon: Skytree Village\
00040000001AB800 = Team Kirby Clash Deluxe\
0004000000125500 = The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D\
00040000001B4000 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
00040000001A4800 = Ever Oasis\
00040000001BD500 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001BD000 = Blaster Master Zero\
00040000001C7700 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT BURST\
000400000F70CC00 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001C5100 = Etrian Oddysey V\
00040000001BEC00 = Culdcept Revolt\
000400000019AA00 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Fleshy Souls\
00040000001C8F00 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
00040000001CD200 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey

## EUR
000400000018F200 = Dragon Quest VIII\
00040000001A6C00 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
000400000016E600 = Shin Megami Tensei 2: Devil Survivor 2 Record Breaker\
0004000000169600 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
00040000001AAA00 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
0004000000153B00 = A-Train: 3D City Simulator\
0004000000084D00 = AeternoBlade\
000400000017BB00 = Bravely Second: End Layer\
0004000000123C00 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000038A00 = Dead or Alive: Dimensions\
00040000000D4B00 = Disney Magical World\
000400000016E900 = Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight\
000400000016EA00 = Etrian Mystery Dungeon\
000400000017CD00 = Tank Troopers\
0004000000113100 = Fantasy Life\
000400000009F100 = Fire Emblem: Awakening\
000400000017A800 = Fire Emblem Fates: Special Edition\
0004000000179500 = Fire Emblem Fates: Birthright\
0004000000179700 = Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest\
0004000000163200 = Fullblox\
000400000012BE00 = Harvest Moon - The Lost Valley\
000400000017EB00 = Hyrule Warriors Legends\
000400000004DC00 = Imagine: Fashion World 3D\
000400000015B100 = IRONFALL Invasion\
00040000000DCE00 = Mario Golf World Tour\
0004000000165700 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT\
0004000000084F00 = New Art Academy\
000400000016A100 = New Style Boutique 2\
000400000007AF00 = New Super Mario Bros 2\
0004000000106200 = Nintendo Pocket Football Club\
0004000000117E00 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
0004000000149F00 = Persona Q\
00040000000F1E00 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies\
000400000018FA00 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Spirit of Justice\
00040000000BA900 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
0004000000162000 = Project X Zone 2\
0004000000137800 = Puzzle & Dragons Z + Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition\
0004000000173B00 = SAMURAI WARRIORS: Chronicles 3\
0004000000165800 = SENRAN KAGURA 2: Deep Crimson\
0004000000141C00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV\
00040000001A6B00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV: Apocalypse\
000400000008FC00 = Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed\
000400000008CC00 = Sparkle Snapshots 3D\
0004000000157C00 = Steamworld Heist\
00040000000D7E00 = Steel Diver: Sub Wars\
00040000000EE000 = Super Smash Bros\
0004000000091600 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
00040000000FCA00 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call\
00040000000EDA00 = Pure Chess\
000400000009AD00 = Foto Glitter 3D\
00040000001AB900 = Team Kirby Clash Deluxe\
0004000000125600 = The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D\
00040000001B4100 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
00040000001A4900 = Ever Oasis\
00040000001B9D00 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001BC300 = Blaster Master Zero\
00040000001C7600 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT BURST\
000400000F70CD00 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001C5300 = Etrian Oddysey V\
00040000001BCA00 = Culdcept Revolt\
000400000019AB00/000400000019B000 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Bony Spirits\
000400000019AC00/000400000019B100 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Fleshy Souls\
00040000001B2900 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Psychic Specters\
00040000001CD900 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
00040000001CE100 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey

Commit message:

Added Title Count, Updated code.ips, Added Already Set, more Readme info
- Title Count added to the top so can compare to what the count in the readme is.
- code.ips Hex needed updating to show correctly if Game Patching is Enabled or not.
- Added "Already Set" messages so it doesn't look like the homebrew has froze while its look for what isn't set.

README.md, after:

# Luma Locale Region Auto Setter
Ever had problems with DLC not working? or even the odd game has a black screen or SD error?\
Chances are you are trying to play a game not from the same region as your console!\
\
With this Homebrew it can create the required files needed to solve these issues, at least for the supported games (listed below).

## Instructions
Make sure "Enable game patching" option is on in the Luma config menu (Hold SELECT on boot)\
That is pretty much it, run the homebrew, on first launch it will create a code.ips file so it can tell you if Game Patching is Enabled or not\
From there on hitting the "A" button will create any locale files you are missing.

## Current Title Count = 201

## JPN
000400000012DE00 = Fire Emblem IF\
0004000000102F00 = Taiko no Tatsujin: Don to Katsu no Jikuu Daibouken\
0004000000190E00 = Taiko no Tatsujin: Don Don! Mystery Adventure\
0004000000115400 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
000400000014E000 = Aikatsu! 365 Nichi no Idol Days\
0004000000169D00 = Aikatsu! My No.1 Stage!\
0004000000197200 = Aikatsu Stars! My Special Appeal\
000400000014AD00 = Dai Gyakuten Saiban: Naruhodou Ryuunosuke no Bouken\
00040000000B8B00 = Dairantou Smash Brothers for Nintendo 3DS\
00040000000C3A00 = Devil Survivor 2: Break Record\
0004000000163C00 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
0004000000065C00 = Labyrinth no Kanata\
0004000000196D00 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
00040000000CF600 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000120500 = Shin Sekaiju no Meikyuu 2: Fafnir no Kishi\
00040000000A5300 = Mario Golf World Tour\
00040000000F5800 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
00040000000C3600 = Persona Q\
00040000000BAA00 = Gyakuten Saiban 5\
0004000000095000 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
00040000000C3900 = PazuDora Z - Puzzle & Dragons Z\
00040000000FB100 = Senran Kagura 2: Shinku\
0004000000166B00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV Final\
0004000000078200 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
000400000010E200 = Final Fantasy Explorers\
0004000000112800 = Magi: Aratanaru Sekai\
00040000000C0100 = Magi: Hajimari no Meikyuu\
0004000000169F00 = Medarot Girls Mission: Kabuto Ver.\
000400000016A000 = Medarot Girls Mission: Kuwagata Ver.\
0004000000134500 = Shingeki no Kyojin: Jinrui Saigo no Tsubasa CHAIN\
00040000000FA600 = Soni Pro\
0004000000078A00 = Super Robot Taisen UX\
0004000000127900 = Super Robot Taisen BX\
0004000000134300 = Lost Heroes 2\
0004000000190A00 = Megami Meguri\
000400000018EA00 = One Piece: Daikaizoku Colosseum\
0004000000182F00 = PazuDora X: Kami no Shou\
0004000000182E00 = PazuDora X: Ryuu no Shou\
0004000000197500 = Puyo Puyo Chronicles\
000400000018D000 = Sekaiju no Meikyuu V: Nagaki Shinwa no Hate\
000400000012F500 = Tales of the World: Reve Unitia\
0004000000140000 = Theatrhythm Dragon Quest\
0004000000101200 = Puyo Puyo Tetris\
0004000000102D00 = Highschool DxD\
000400000016AD00 = Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 3\
00040000001ACB00 = Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker 3 - Professional\
000400000018E900 = Boku no Hero Academia: Battle for All\
000400000018CA00 = Detective Pikachu - Birth Of A New Duo\
0004000000117200 = SmileBASIC\
00040000000A4D00 = Sengoku Musou Chronicle 2nd\
0004000000118300 = Sekaiju To Fushigi no Dungeon\
0004000000073900 = Project X Zone\
0004008C0015D500 = Corpse Party: Blood Covered - Repeated Fear\
00040000001A2B00 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
000400000012EF00 = Kirby Fighters Z\
000400000018B300 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001B5700 = Blaster Master Zero\
0004000000199200 = Dragon Quest XI Sugisarishi Toki o Motomete\
000400000F70C100 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001B2400 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey\
00040000001A0C00 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
000400000016C700 = Yo-kai Watch Busters: Akanekodan\
000400000016C600 = Yo-kai Watch Busters: Shiroinutai\
000400000018B000 = Youkai Sangokushi\
00040000001AF400 = Yo-kai Watch 3: Sukiyaki\
0004000000191000 = Yo-Kai Watch 3: Sushi\
0004000000191100 = Yo-Kai Watch 3: Tempura\
00040000001C9C00 = Yokai Watch Busters 2 Magnum\
00040000001C9400 = Yokai Watch Busters 2 Sword

## USA
000400000018A400 = Rhythm Heaven Megamix\
000400000018F100 = Dragon Quest VIII\
000400000018F800 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
0004000000159500 = Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 2 Record Breaker\
000400000016CD00 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
00040000001AA900 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
00040000000CD300 = AeternoBlade\
0004000000095800 = Art Academy: Lessons for Everyone!\
0004000000128600 = BIKE RIDER DX2: GALAXY\
000400000017BA00 = Bravely Second: End Layer\
0004000000112C00 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000034F00 = Dead or Alive: Dimensions\
00040000000EA900 = Disney Magical World\
000400000015F200 = Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight\
000400000015B200 = Etrian Mystery Dungeon\
0004000000113200 = Fantasy Life\
00040000000A0500 = Fire Emblem: Awakening\
0004000000179800 = Fire Emblem Fates: Special Edition\
0004000000179400 = Fire Emblem Fates: Birthright\
0004000000179600 = Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest\
000400000010F600 = Harvest Moon - The Lost Valley\
000400000017EA00 = Hyrule Warriors Legends\
000400000015D800 = IRONFALL Invasion\
00040000000DCD00 = Mario Golf World Tour\
000400000014CD00 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT\
000400000012E700 = Moon Chronicles\
000400000007AE00 = New Super Mario Bros 2\
0004000000123D00 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
0004000000123400 = Persona Q\
00040000000F1400 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies\
000400000018F400 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Spirit of Justice\
00040000000BA800 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
0004000000160C00 = Project X Zone 2\
0004000000137700 = Puzzle & Dragons Z + Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition\
0004000000106400 = Rusty's Real Deal Baseball\
000400000016F200 = SAMURAI WARRIORS: Chronicles 3\
0004000000165000 = SENRAN KAGURA 2: Deep Crimson\
00040000000E5C00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV\
000400000019A200 = Shin Megami Tensei IV: Apocalypse\
00040000000B3500 = Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed\
000400000008CD00 = Sparkle Snapshots 3D\
000400000012D900 = Steamworld Heist\
00040000000d7D00 = Steel Diver: Sub Wars\
0004000000163100 = Stretchmo\
00040000000EDF00 = Super Smash Bros\
0004000000095100 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
00040000000FD500 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call\
0004000000196E00 = Gotta Protectors\
000400000019F500 = Story of Seasons : Trio of Town\
000400000016DE00 = SmileBASIC\
00040000000F1700 = Pure Chess\
00040000001A3500 = Harvest Moon: Skytree Village\
00040000001AB800 = Team Kirby Clash Deluxe\
0004000000125500 = The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D\
00040000001B4000 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
00040000001A4800 = Ever Oasis\
00040000001BD500 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001BD000 = Blaster Master Zero\
00040000001C7700 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT BURST\
000400000F70CC00 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001C5100 = Etrian Oddysey V\
00040000001BEC00 = Culdcept Revolt\
000400000019AA00 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Fleshy Souls\
00040000001C8F00 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
00040000001CD200 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey

## EUR
000400000018F200 = Dragon Quest VIII\
00040000001A6C00 = 7th Dragon III Code: VFD\
000400000016E600 = Shin Megami Tensei 2: Devil Survivor 2 Record Breaker\
0004000000169600 = Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden\
00040000001AAA00 = Dragon Ball Fusions\
0004000000153B00 = A-Train: 3D City Simulator\
0004000000084D00 = AeternoBlade\
000400000017BB00 = Bravely Second: End Layer\
0004000000123C00 = Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars\
0004000000038A00 = Dead or Alive: Dimensions\
00040000000D4B00 = Disney Magical World\
000400000016E900 = Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight\
000400000016EA00 = Etrian Mystery Dungeon\
000400000017CD00 = Tank Troopers\
0004000000113100 = Fantasy Life\
000400000009F100 = Fire Emblem: Awakening\
000400000017A800 = Fire Emblem Fates: Special Edition\
0004000000179500 = Fire Emblem Fates: Birthright\
0004000000179700 = Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest\
0004000000163200 = Fullblox\
000400000012BE00 = Harvest Moon - The Lost Valley\
000400000017EB00 = Hyrule Warriors Legends\
000400000004DC00 = Imagine: Fashion World 3D\
000400000015B100 = IRONFALL Invasion\
00040000000DCE00 = Mario Golf World Tour\
0004000000165700 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT\
0004000000084F00 = New Art Academy\
000400000016A100 = New Style Boutique 2\
000400000007AF00 = New Super Mario Bros 2\
0004000000106200 = Nintendo Pocket Football Club\
0004000000117E00 = One Piece Unlimited World Red\
0004000000149F00 = Persona Q\
00040000000F1E00 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies\
000400000018FA00 = Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Spirit of Justice\
00040000000BA900 = Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Gates to Infinity\
0004000000162000 = Project X Zone 2\
0004000000137800 = Puzzle & Dragons Z + Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition\
0004000000173B00 = SAMURAI WARRIORS: Chronicles 3\
0004000000165800 = SENRAN KAGURA 2: Deep Crimson\
0004000000141C00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV\
00040000001A6B00 = Shin Megami Tensei IV: Apocalypse\
000400000008FC00 = Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed\
000400000008CC00 = Sparkle Snapshots 3D\
0004000000157C00 = Steamworld Heist\
00040000000D7E00 = Steel Diver: Sub Wars\
00040000000EE000 = Super Smash Bros\
0004000000091600 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy\
00040000000FCA00 = Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call\
00040000000EDA00 = Pure Chess\
000400000009AD00 = Foto Glitter 3D\
00040000001AB900 = Team Kirby Clash Deluxe\
0004000000125600 = The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D\
00040000001B4100 = Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia\
00040000001A4900 = Ever Oasis\
00040000001B9D00 = RPGMaker Fes\
00040000001BC300 = Blaster Master Zero\
00040000001C7600 = MIGHTY GUNVOLT BURST\
000400000F70CD00 = Fire Emblem: Warriors\
00040000001C5300 = Etrian Oddysey V\
00040000001BCA00 = Culdcept Revolt\
000400000019AB00/000400000019B000 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Bony Spirits\
000400000019AC00/000400000019B100 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Fleshy Souls\
00040000001B2900 = Yo-Kai Watch 2: Psychic Specters\
00040000001CD900 = Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology\
00040000001CE100 = Shin Megami Tensei: Deep Strange Journey
